chore(security): update overview (#2562)
telerik/blazor-docs: security/overview.md

|------------------|------------------------|
| First Response    | 7 days                 |
| Time to Triage    | 10 days                |
| Time to Resolution| [Depends on severity](#vulnerability-remediation-guidelines)    |

For more information, visit:

- [Bugcrowd Vulnerability Disclosure Program](https://bugcrowd.com/engagements/devtools-vdp)
- [Progress Trust Center](https://www.progress.com/trust-center)
- [Vulnerability Reporting Policy](https://www.progress.com/trust-center/vulnerability-reporting-policy)

## Vulnerability Remediation Guidelines

> Progress follows defined timelines for remediating vulnerabilities based on their severity levels, ensuring a structured and efficient approach to maintaining security across all products. These guidelines are aligned with CVSS (Common Vulnerability Scoring System) scoring:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Progress follows defined timelines for remediating vulnerabilities based on their severity level, ensuring a structured and efficient approach to maintaining security across all products. These guidelines are aligned with the CVSS (Common Vulnerability Scoring System) scoring:
```

> - **Critical scored issues (CVSS 9.0+):** Resolved within **30 days**.  
> - **High scored issues (CVSS 7.0–8.9):** Resolved within **60 days**.  
> - **Medium or lower scored issues (CVSS < 7):** Resolved within **90–120 days**, depending on the score.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Critical score issues (CVSS 9.0+):** Resolved within **30 days**.  
- **High score issues (CVSS 7.0–8.9):** Resolved within **60 days**.  
- **Medium or lower score issues (CVSS < 7):** Resolved within **90–120 days**, depending on the score.  
```
